<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Architecture][1]
-   [Systems][2]
-   [BundlingSystem][3]
    -   [BundlingSystem/Global][4]
    -   [BundlingSystem/Server][5]
    -   [BundlingSystem/RenderingSystem][6]
        -   [Parameters][7]
    -   [BundlingSystem/Client][8]
-   [Server Side Rendering System][9]
    -   [RenderingSystem][10]
        -   [Parameters][11]
        -   [Examples][12]
-   [ServerSystem][13]
-   [Client System][14]
    -   [Components][15]
    -   [Router][16]
    -   [App][17]
    -   [Home][18]
    -   [Loader][19]

## Architecture

A software application is a product of several systems that work together to provide a service/services to the end user. The systems of this application are partitioned based on domain of problem statement and are structured based on commonality and variance.


## Systems

A system aims to contain its existence in the application - changes in the systems should not affect the overall application systems - keeping in mind that the application is dependent of described systems. Also, systems are designed to allow replacement of itself such that a system could be removed but replaced with similar structured systems. The folder structure helps to communicate this design.

## Folder Structure

The folder are named and arranged to communicate self-contained systems of the application. The folder structure aim to give an overview of the form of the application grouped in systems for high level systems of the application and also for self-contained components for the client system.


## BundlingSystem

The bundling system is webpack.

### Functions

-   HTML generation
-   CSS preprocessing
-   CSS extraction
-   Transpiling

### Divisions

1.  Global
    [BundlingSystem - Global][20]
2.  Sub-system
    -   [BundlingSystem - Server][21]
    -   [BundlingSystem - RenderingSystem][22]
    -   [BundlingSystem - Client][23]


### BundlingSystem/Global

Webpack entrypoint for all sub-system bundling. <br />
Required

    server/webpack.server.js
    renderingSystem/webpack.rendering.js
    client/webpack.client.js

### BundlingSystem/Server

Webpack module configuration for the Server <br />
Entry:

     skeletonEvent: `./src/js/skeleton.js`
     style: `./src/styles/style.scss`

Output:

      client/index.html
      public/assets/style.css
      public/assets/skeletonEvent*

### BundlingSystem/RenderingSystem

This is the bundling system for Server Side Rendering system to a commonjs library that can be used by `server/index.js`

Entry:

    renderingSystem/src/index.js

Output:

    renderingSystem/dist/**

#### Parameters

-   `devMode` **[boolean][24]** 

### BundlingSystem/Client

Webpack config function for bundling the Client assets
Entry

    client/src/index.js
    client/index.html

Output

    public/assets/client*
    public/index.html

## Server Side Rendering System

Leverages the `ReactDom.renderToString` function to convert the `client/src/App.js` to string. It uses the `StaticRouter` to sync routes coming from the server request


### RenderingSystem

This is the server side renderer. The renderer replaces `${}` strings in the template with the appropriate value. StaticRouter is used to sync routes from the client `BrowserRouter`.

#### Parameters

-   `title` **[string][25]** 
-   `template` **[string][25]** 
-   `location` **[string][25]** 

#### Examples

```javascript
const template = `
   <html>
     <head>
       <title>${title}</title>
     </head>
     <body>
       ${content}
     </body>
   </html>
`

 const title = "About"
 const location = request.url
 const htmlBody = templater(title, template, location)

 response.send(htmlBody)
```

Returns **[string][25]** html

## ServerSystem

Express Server<br />
Uses `public/index.html` as template for the rendering system

## Client System

This system is based on the `React` library and is responsible for the views. The UI is broken down in to `React` components making the frontend implementation modular also leveraging off of the lean architecture understanding of partioning based on commonality and variation. Components are self contained in their folders/files - having everything they require to exist independently. Functions general to several components are contained in a separate Component that is then imported into dependent components


### Components

React Components in the Client System


### Router

Entry point to the Browser.<br />
`BrowserRouter` manages routing in the browser

### App

App Component is used for SSR and Client Rendering

### Home

Webpack splits the component and names the split using the webpackChunkName<br />

-   location: `/client/src/App.js`
-   exports `/renderingSystem/dist/home.js`

### Loader

Loader wrapper components for mounting components uses render props

[1]: #architecture

[2]: #systems

[3]: #bundlingsystem

[4]: #bundlingsystemglobal

[5]: #bundlingsystemserver

[6]: #bundlingsystemrenderingsystem

[7]: #parameters

[8]: #bundlingsystemclient

[9]: #server-side-rendering-system

[10]: #renderingsystem

[11]: #parameters-1

[12]: #examples

[13]: #serversystem

[14]: #client-system

[15]: #components

[16]: #router

[17]: #app

[18]: #home

[19]: #loader

[20]: #bundlingsystem/global

[21]: #bundlingsystem/server

[22]: #bundlingsystem/renderingsystem

[23]: #bundlingsystem/client

[24]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[25]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String
